Fix when ginkgo is not in git (#836)
ginkgo-project/ginkgo: third_party/dummy-hook/CMakeLists.txt

      WORKING_DIRECTORY ${CMAKE_SOURCE_DIR}
      OUTPUT_VARIABLE Ginkgo_GIT_HOOKS_DIR
      OUTPUT_STRIP_TRAILING_WHITESPACE)
    # If it is not in git, give an error and return
    if(NOT Ginkgo_GIT_HOOKS_DIR)

>         message(WARNING "Not in a git repository")

Reviewer: Can you add some more context to the message (`, no git hook was installed`), and maybe replace it by a `STATUS`? Otherwise users get this large, visible warning for something that only matters for developers.

>         message(STATUS "Ginkgo is not in git structure, so no git hook was install")

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
        message(STATUS "Ginkgo is not in a git repository, so no git hook was installed")
```
